his Manson walking up into the line the
pick-6 can be won tonight eight people
with five from five one supporting a
lefty Falls Iraq and three promising run
mastered the world needs pushing in each
shoving as Iraq walks up into the line
and he's elite Excalibur coming forward
for the Lion City and the Philly
promising run comes up here's a penalty
to cope with after her wit and last time
out they're all in the gates are back
and they're off and racing in the divine
millennium started caught them in a good
line promising run out wide was one of
the first to go sand sure where's knee
the fence came out quickly into lead
excalibur and the center showing
patiently after the break and when they
sort themselves out elite Excalibur is
the leader with promising run going up
on the outside casue see third st. sure
wears fourth of the rack is fifth found
ISM three-quarters of a length away and
then came earth sure on the outside of a
lefty master the world is second last
and man son had dropped out to the team
of the field promising runs gone to the
lead in their own legal loafing along
and 27 points in at the first quarter
promising run a little bit
three-quarters of a length in front
casue C is second elite Excalibur
three-quarters of a length away third
Soraka half lengths away fourth and five
ISM is fifth and out three deep Olympics
on the fence on the inside of censure
where's who has shuttered one away from
the fence three quarters two weren't
sure then master the world advanced on
has tacked on a 3r 800 in 52.6 are down
the side of the course and promising run
away from the rail led by 3/4 of a
length of an elite Excalibur and casue
see on the outside then Zack said sure
we're taking closer order power vism
Spink wide from the
Joe and Lefty come the rail then sure
followed by faster the world and Manson
whipped them in as they come around the
Turner casues he went to the front in
the straight passing the 400 kazoo see
hit the leaves iraq was immediately
there in advance and now the racks gone
to the front led by to exert sure on the
outside rather ghana promising run
battling hawaii lynn said sure is good
class telling here they're at the 100
meters back Christoph's not doing much
and a good long look at the screen ads
Iraq will Baltic serac first earnshaw
second promising ran third said she
always fought and then passed the world
followed by a lead Excalibur Madsen
powers of casue sea and elliptic well
sometimes they work out as they should
on paper that's exactly what happened
there so wrapped before Christophe sue
me on aren't paper was too good based on
his three years old form in Europe and
that's the way it's proven tonight and
the Divine millennium was the rack
having his first out here at the UAE
richer purses